feat: add examples and docs for readers (#323)
run-llama/LlamaIndexTS: examples/readers/README.md

> ## Readers Example
> 
> These example show how to use reader classes to load documents and test query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reader Examples

These examples show how to use a specific reader class by loading a document and running a test query.
```

1. Make sure you are in `examples` directory

```bash
cd ./examples
```

2. Prepare `OPENAI_API_KEY` environment variable:

```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key
```

3. Run the following command to load documents and test query:

- MarkdownReader Example

```bash
npx ts-node readers/load-md.ts
```

- DocxReader Example

```bash

> npx ts-node readers/load-docx.ts

Reviewer: @thucpn please move all other examples containing a reader from the parent folder
